[Music]
Young friends' somewhat overflowing, challenging
spirit, young
[Music]
ideas, the atmosphere here is a bit like that, oh yeah, oh, it's a bit like the
low-rise commercial district of Yongsan Techno Mart, what is this? What is this? Oh,
this is walking, walking, oh, it seems to
help with asceticism, oh, what are you
doing now? It's on your knees, let's see, let's ask, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello,
can you explain our product, yes, yes, hey, this device
is a walking assistant device, what we commonly
call an exoskeleton, and you can
think of an exoskeleton as something that enhances a person's walking ability. My grandfather is
98 years old, but one of his knees isn't getting
better, and his leg has gotten a lot thinner.
This, this, it would be good to have, but
how much is it? This is
sold for 3.19 million won as a consumer. I'll do it, I'll do it, I'll do it. Let's
find out. It's big. You can
do it for this.
Oh, you can do it. Oh,
if you look at it, no matter how
well I explain, why don't you
come once?
[Music] It's
tight. Yes, just go naturally. Oh, that's right,
yes, oh.  Ah oh oh oh oh ah push push pull
oh this is
amazing if you lift your
leg it
's a bit similar to riding a bike it helps you move like pedaling
oh
wow it
goes uphill and downhill and
how does it recognize it I the
robot continuously senses the angle of the person's perspective
oh about 80% of seniors and people with walking
difficulties use it and about 20% of them are
Jirisan mountain rescue team members environmentally friendly
people and hikers who buy it
[applause]
oh yes the first product was a very good
start it was much better
this toilet company also
[music]
there is oh no this is for women why if you
look here yes ovulation test oh pregnancy
test the toilet does it for you oh if you
put it on the toilet and do your business then it seems like they
do the test on the spot
through urine vitamin sodium protein
PH all combined at once
this is it oh that's it
[music]
originally it was difficult to distinguish colors because of lighting and things like that but
thanks to AI
this has become very accurate the story is the
app is surprised why is it like this oh that's
amazing oh it's
too much too
strong  Thick one,
uh
[music]
wow I'll try it once, try it once,
why are you even here, dad? This is
ok, so regular way
for bench
press
kog may, let's go,
turn
oh,
oh, when it's hard, if you throw it away,
how much is it, I said 70k,
58 is fine, 58 beep, but my
hand was like, oh, I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it, I did it for
about 40, I was so
embarrassed, but after that, even this
muscular man was trembling and doing it,
please watch the broadcast, it's not just me, that guy is having a
hard time
right now, right? Those muscles, those
muscles, it's not that I can't do it, that
guy is having a hard time too, I have to die, I have to die,
uh, hello, professor, uh, hug me,
hello, did you see it today?
Yeah, yeah, it's impressive. Our country is really making progress. Oh, yeah, yeah, this time, if you
look at the company, it came the most, and uh,
to the point where it's hard for startups without AI, they're all
applying AI and solving optimization problems through data.
Where did
you get the ice cream? I have to have some Venetian
gelato later.
Ah, here.  It's a Venetian
Venice Italy concept, so have fun. Do your
best,
thank you, sir. Star Pista is delicious. I'll eat well.
Oh, Robo Rock is over there.
[music]
Oh yeah. Oh, now the robot vacuums are
flying and there are pictures and everything. [
music]
These days, even the ring is getting this.
[music] Hyung,
oh, oh, it's electronic salt. Oh,
Gandai. What I was interested in was a
salty spoon. I was really looking forward to it.
[laughter] It's there.
As soon as I arrived in Las Vegas, I wanted to see it. Yes, I finally found it. Hell.
How are you. How are.
For example, if you eat an apple, it
doesn't taste salty, but if there's even a little bit of salt in it, it
's a device that amplifies that. That's right. It's a
low-salt diet. If you
use this, you can do that.
So, if you're on a low-salt diet,
low-salt. Then, should we try it out in the back?
Oh, really,
without a demonstration, let's just
drink it for now. It's
already a little bit salty. It's a
little bit mild.
[music] That's it. It's done
right away. A little bit bit. I'll
try more. Um, it's activated. A
little bit. The salt in the soup is  It's close to the feeling of being activated. It's
amazing. It's similar to the salty taste you get when you bite into a battery in the old days. It's almost like a
feeling. Yes, that's it. It's salty, but it does
n't have a thrill. This is okay. No, I think it could be
made into a bowl. Isn't that a
wrong idea? Isn't that a
wrong idea? I don't think it was like that.
Oh, it goes down again. Oh,
this is another
big one. Robot hand. Robot 8.
Hello, we are now a robot. Peck. Oh, and it's
real time. It's almost rock paper scissors. Rock paper scissors. Jji pao ji
[music]
Oh, I caught it.
Thank you. Smart window. Yes, when you
press this,
ya tint tint. Oh, when you press this, it's like this
again. Oh,
and oh, it
becomes a demo. It would be good to put it in a car. It's
amazing. This is heavy. It
helps your waist when you lift heavy things. You have to step back to memorize it.
Waist
assistance.
Oh, oh, oh.
How does it
feel? This guy, oh, stretch it out like this. Oh, oh, this guy
becomes like this and then stretches it out.
Oh
[music]
No, this is much more
fun. This
feels like an invention. Oh, right, right. So, the
existing  It's not like things are getting better and what
our future will be like
or anything like that, but it's more like, "How about this? Are you
interested in this kind of thing?" I think it's much more
fun. I think it's like
when a luxury addict goes around a huge department store like Dubai. It
was a place where they were satisfied with ideas that AI can't buy, and it
was so amazing, and I think we were able to get insights into how our world will change in the future.
[Music]